Reviewer #2: This paper examines the extent to which prize-linked savings (PLS) products, which offer the opportunity to win prizes (lottery payoffs) conditional on saving, can encourage individuals to save. As part of a field experiment, 311 participants from low-income neighborhoods in Nairobi, Kenya were enrolled in a mobile-phone savings program and randomized into one of three incentive schemes for saving: 1) a guaranteed 5% matching contribution of daily savings ("matching contributions"), 2) a daily lottery with expected earnings equivalent to a 5% matching contribution of that day's savings, with participants receiving daily feedback on their lottery results from the prior day ("PLS with feedback" or PLS-F), and 3) a daily lottery with expected earnings equivalent to a 5% matching contribution, with participants receiving daily feedback on their lottery results from the prior day conditional on having saved that prior day ("PLS without feedback" or PLS-N). Relative
to a guaranteed matching contribution, the authors find that PLS incentive schemes (with or without feedback) significantly increased the number of savings deposits over a 60-day period by between 34- 42% over the baseline of 13.66 deposits but had no overall effect on the total amount saved. Comparing participants with PLS incentive schemes who received feedback with those who only received feedback conditional on having saved, the authors further find suggestive evidence that their overall main effect is consistent with participants experiencing regret aversion.

The paper is an interesting addition to the important literature on interventions that can help encourage savings behavior. Despite the popularity of prize-linked savings in many countries, there has been relatively little research on its effectiveness in the field. I list below a few comments (with the first comment being the main one) that I hope are helpful to the authors.

1. The main contribution of this paper is in its examination of the role of regret aversion in driving any effects of PLS incentive schemes. The authors do this by comparing the participants in PLS incentive schemes who receive feedback on their lottery outcomes versus only receive feedback conditional on having saved (and therefore in theory cannot experience regret). However, the authors find no differences between the two groups at conventional levels of significance across any of its main savings outcomes, regardless of whether they look over the full period of the savings program or just the first period. The paper somewhat glosses over this point, instead focusing more heavily on the treatment effects of PLS-F and PLS-N individually. The strongest evidence the authors find in support of regret aversion is in the comparison of the timing of deposits for PLS-F vs. PLS-N. The paper would be better positioned if it were to reframe its discussion to more tightly link the
theory on regret aversion with the differences we might to expect to see with regard to the timing of deposits and to expand on its analysis of the timing. For example, the authors could more formally test and show that the distributions significantly differ for PLS-F vs PLS-N participants. They could also expand on their findings in Table 5 and show how the distribution of deposit timings compares among non-savers in the PLS-F group after winning vs. not winning the lottery. 

More generally, if the authors are going to conclude that their results are supportive of regret aversion, this conclusion needs to be drawn solely on the basis of the timing result, as all of the other results comparing these two treatment arms show that the two treatments are not statistically different from each other. This will require the paper to both expand the conceptual discussion of how the timing of deposits relates to the theory of regret aversion and extend the empirical analysis on deposit timing. 

2. It would also be helpful to know the average frequency of winning the lottery (regardless of whether the participant actually made a savings deposit and therefore receive any winnings) among those with PLS incentive schemes. Similarly, what is the frequency of instances where a participant received news that they won when they hadn't saved among those with PLS incentive schemes? 
 
3. Consistent with several other papers in the literature on prize-linked savings, this paper finds that PLS accounts are not associated with increased total savings. Given this fact, it would help if the paper were able to provide a more detailed discussion of why the reader or policymakers should pay attention to more nuanced features of PLS design (e.g. providing feedback) which primarily serve to increase the number of deposits but not the savings rate. The authors mention that "if PLS opens the door for greater account usage,…then it could lead to persistent changes in financial decision-making over time." It would be helpful if the authors could expand on this in light of the paper's results on the number of deposits. Should we think of 5-6 additional deposits over a 60-day period as meaningfully greater account usage? One possible way to look at this would be to provide some evidence on how the timing of these deposits are distributed over the 60-day period they see.
More generally, additional discussion of why the number of deposits is independently interesting as an outcome even though total savings remains unaffected would help us better draw meaningful policy implications from the results.